good choco lesson try we are here
in a new video of gta 5 online and
Well, as you know, we are here
again dlc premiering the tlc 1.17
and well, in this video, I'm going to teach
and in more detail everything that I have
could find inside the
update and also some things
that Rockstar himself has published in
your page that I'll put it on
description also in case you want
read it more carefully
but well, I'm going to make a summary
of everything that has been part of the
main cars and weapons and everything
that 's the cars and the weapons I've
taught in the previous video that is the
first I have come up today that I will leave
in the description if you want to see it
what are cars and weapons
main and now I will comment
everything he could find other than that
within the games is worth first
we have this vehicle that is only in
the online mode that we can buy it in
the normal vehicle store this
you are seeing right now it is a
vehicle that has nothing of the other
world of special but good because it is
pretty funny after we can
find in the clothing store a lot
of garments and well then new sets
that if you talk to him the clerk or
the store clerk because we
will give some new sets that what
we will have the bottom part that
we can find that the truth
pretty cool to the military or to the thief
we can dress there as we want
we can take a normal uniform
uniform with uniform helmet with a
mask and complete and good well there
different types that as you are seeing
here I will leave it there is a time for
that you can see everything after this
there to see also some new
masks that have got into the game that
the truth is that they are pretty cool
If I'm not mistaken, they are some that are called
combat masks and there are others that are
like skulls that I think are also
new and good because the truth is that we
they are pretty cool pretty funny
and well they stick with all the suit and
the equipment that has been put in the dlc
obviously I have also noticed that
As you can see , you can put the emblem
in the chest to what is the suit not the
we put on the emblem of the
crisis and you can put it here good had
the one of the crew to play with
subscribers was not in my crew
principal but good just to
that you know that it is a detail that
I can put that in if we go to the
section of the weapons store we are going to
can find a lot of new
countries inside the parachutes that is
what is the coating of the
parachute that you already know you could
put of some countries previously
Well now we are going to have a
lots of new countries the truth is
that there are quite a lot of them
at that point it's pretty good and
Well, also other things that have
stuck as it has appeared
and that is that for example when a person
online comes with a helicopter with a
plane leaves signaled on the map as
that comes with that or that comes off as
a helicopter the propeller or an airplane
when a person comes online
before you just get a point that
was approaching I did not know if they came to you in
helicopter plane walking by car
Well now it's worth it comes out at all times
in what kind of vehicle, well, that
person also here looking at the
rockstar page because they tell us that it has
put a new type of games in the
creative way to be able to create those that do not
was before that is the last team
stand up that this is a game if I do not
wrong is like in call of duty search
and destroy not what it is or it does not reappear
simply when he dies he can no longer
reappear and well they have gotten this
creative mode to be able to create games
This type also have included the
rounds for the creator mode also what
that we can start several
rounds worth not only not only once but
what can we do to put it to 67
rounds and we can play longer
You can also include this from the
rounds in capture mode it's worth not
were available in the creator mode
and now if they have gotten it and
Well, here I'm going to leave on the screen a
list of games that have gotten I think
which are all from the last team in
I'll leave the list and the levels and
all that for you to see in the
screen I will not be here commenting
everything one by one but good for you
do a little to the idea and you can
see and read as I said I will leave the video
previous the video where he taught all
the cars and everything novel in the
description so you can see it and
Nothing kids, I hope that I have
liked that erre 27 where like favorites
And until next time
ah
plus